Address improvements to MFA docs. (#2531)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/fragments/configure-email-sending.md

        3. Click **Connected apps and sites** on the left menu and enable **Allow less secure apps**.  
        ![allow-less-secure-apps](../../assets/img/fragments/allow-less-secure-apps.png)  
    

> 2. Re-start the server once configurations are in place. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Restart the server once configurations are in place. 
```
